MAGECLOUD-3897: [Cloud Docker] Clarification to the use of mutagen (#4931)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/cloud/docker/docker-config.md

1.  _Optional_: Configure the Docker global variables in the `docker-compose.yml` file. For example, you can [enable and configure Xdebug]({{ page.baseurl }}/cloud/docker/docker-development-debug.html).

1.  Start the file synchronization with `docker-sync`.

    ```bash
    docker-sync start
    ```
    If it is the first installation you should wait a few minutes for synchronization files
    
    {: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}
    If you want to use `mutagen.io` you should skip this step. `Mutagen` should be launched after deploying docker containers

1.  Build files to containers and run in the background.

    ```bash
    docker-compose up -d
    ```
    
1.  Start the file synchronization with `mutagen.io`.
    
        ```bash
        bash ./mutagen.sh 
        ```
       
    {: .bs-callout .bs-callout-info}

>     If you use `docker-sync` you should skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use `docker-sync` for file synchronization, skip this step.
```
